  EXTRA : Come over now if you wanna play hide-and-seek!	  
  EXTRA : Me! I'll play!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The girl who wonders,＂Would it be okay for me to join in?＂	  
  EXTRA : Me! I'll play!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and so misses her chance, ending up all alone.	  
  EXTRA : Hitori-chan, what's wrong?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The girl who ends up all alone at a picnic,	  
  EXTRA : Here you go.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : swapping parts of her lunch with the teacher.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm home.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The girl who doesn't join any clubs,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : comes home right after school,	  
  EXTRA : And here, we'll stir-fry it a bit.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and finds her smartphone full of nothing but messages from her parents	  
  EXTRA : There's a lot of vegetables,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and coupon offers.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : That's me.	  
  EXTRA : You can probably do that in the morning, yeah.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Hitori Goto, first-year in middle school.	  
  EXTRA : Lately I've gotten good at making so many dishes so quickly	  
  EXTRA : I thought I didn't need to know any more,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Sometimes I think	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I should really change the way I am...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But I always stammer when I try to speak,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and I'm really bad at keeping eye contact...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : A life as the archetypal introvert just seems to fit me best.	  
  EXTRA : Personally I like a lot of options with rice.	  
  EXTRA : Oh, of course. But you—	  
  Naoki Gotoh : You watching this?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Nah.	  
  EXTRA : Back in school, I was the guy who sat in the back of the classroom pretending to read.	  
  EXTRA : No friends.	  
  EXTRA : And now you're part of a band that's extremely popular with young people!	  
  EXTRA : Yeah. A band is a place where even introverts can shine.	  
  EXTRA : I see!	  
  EXTRA : Now, here's ＂Trigger＂ by Instorms!	  
  Naoki Gotoh : What is it?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : D-Dad, can I use your guitar?	  
  Naoki Gotoh : Sure!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Th-Thanks!	  
  Naoki Gotoh : Aha!	  
  Naoki Gotoh : At last, Hitori's getting into guitar too!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Maybe even someone like me can shine	  
  Hitori Gotoh : if I'm in a band!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I've made up my mind.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm gonna learn to play guitar!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Then I'll form a band at school, and...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : E, A, G...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : What's with all the English?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Then I'll play at the culture festival	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and have everyone go crazy for me!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Crazy... for me?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I practiced six hours every day, so I could learn how to play in front of people...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The result?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Middle school ended, and I never played a single note for them!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I never performed once...	  
  EXTRA : At the culture festival!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I never put together...	  
  EXTRA : The members for a band!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : And I never made a single friend...	  
  EXTRA : In three whole years!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Now, in high school...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I gotta form a band or die trying!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But despite my vow, it's been a whole month since high school started,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and yet my heart remains grounded in the guitar,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : little better than a shut-in...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Lyrics and music by me.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : From the closet with love.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But before I cause neighborhood problems playing my crummy original song late at night,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I've gotta upload a cover I did of a popular band.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It's been a pretty long time since I started uploading myself	  
  Hitori Gotoh : playing under the name ＂guitarhero＂ on my dad's advice, but...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Wow, my latest video already has so many comments.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I've been racking up the views lately, too,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and people are telling me I'm good...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Yeah, maybe it's okay if I can't handle real life!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : There are tons of people cheering for me online!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The internet is filled with socially anxious introverts just like me!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I put the effort in, okay?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I brought CDs to school and set them on my desk.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Talk to me!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I bought band merch and showed it off.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Talk to me!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I put in song requests at lunch...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : ...for the death metal song I'd been obsessed with lately.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Not the flashbacks!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Begone! Begone, filthy memories!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I wish I could perform live...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : That...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : That could work!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I look... I look so cool!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm already a total rocker chick!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I look like a real somebody !	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The people can't look away!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Someone's just gotta talk to me now!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm gonna be all over this year's culture festival!	  
  EXTRA : So you could see the corgi's butt...	  
  EXTRA : Do we move rooms next period?	  
  EXTRA : Science Room B.	  
  EXTRA : Hey, wanna karaoke after this?	  
  EXTRA : Great idea!	  
  EXTRA : You sure?	  
  EXTRA : Wonder what I should sing...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Huh?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Did I go overboard hyping myself up last night?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But I'm putting out such powerful rocker chick vibes...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : D-Did I end up making myself unapproachable?!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : No, no, no!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm having a mental breakdown!	  
  EXTRA : Wow, look at that!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I-If they're laughing at me now, it won't just be a mental breakdown,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : it'll be mental annihilation!	  
  EXTRA : Aw, it's so cute, I've gotta laugh!	  
  Ikuyo Kita : Guitar?	  
  EXTRA : Right, Kita-chan?	  
  EXTRA : Kita-chan?	  
  Ikuyo Kita : Sorry, sorry! What was it?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Look, I know.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : You can't put the onus on others and expect perfect results.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : This is a gathering place for people just as lonely as me.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I bet that guy's separated from—	  
  EXTRA : Papa!	  
  EXTRA : Sorry we're late!	  
  EXTRA : Hey, no problem.	  
  EXTRA : Now, let's grab dinner!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : They're the perfect freakin' family!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Please forgive my presumptuous empathizing...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Ah. I broke subscribers.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Hey, that's right.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : The online world is where I belong.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Sorta makes me not wanna go back to school...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Guitar!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : That's a guitar, right?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Do you play?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hello?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I-I haven't talked to anyone in so long... my voice!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hey, sorry to ambush you.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I'm Nijika Ijichi, second-year at Shimo-Kitazawa High.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Hitori Goto. Shuka High. First-year.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : So tell me, Hitori-chan...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Right to first names, are we?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : How good are you at guitar?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Pretty decent, I guess...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Really?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Say, I'm in kind of a fix here...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : If you can't do it, that's okay, but...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It's really okay, but I'm in a real fix...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : There's nothing okay about her!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Okay, I'll come right out with it!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Please, will you play second guitar for my band for today?!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Band?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : We've got a concert coming up, and our guitarist just split!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : The song's not too hard! You'll pick it up right away!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : A concert?! Right now?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Please! Please!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Um, err...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Thanks! Let's head to the club!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I haven't even said anything yet!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I got dragged along.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Do you come to Shimo-Kita a lot, Hitori-chan?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Oh, well...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Right, like I've got the courage to visit a fashion town for trendy people...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : We're almost to the club.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Nijika-chan's fashionable, too.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : She's got the real rocker-chick vibe.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Meanwhile, I'm in a potato-quality tracksuit	  
  Hitori Gotoh : with a real bear of a set of bags under my eyes, and a back as arched as a cat...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Wait, do I also smell like mold?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I spend so much time in the closet...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : No, I smell like mothballs.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Meanwhile, Nijika-chan smells great!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : She smells just the way a high school girl should!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Oh, am I walking too fast?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : N-No...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : The club we're gonna play at is called Starry.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : My big sister's the manager there.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : That sounds weirdly legit.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Wait, what's my heart doing?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : And so...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I've been working there part-time...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hitori-chan, are you actually pretty athletic?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : N-No, but I'm always the last one standing in dodgeball for some reason.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I... I see.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Me? Playing in a club?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : No, don't back down now!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Remember your daydreams of performing at the culture festival!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : And your first solo show at Zepp Super Arena!	  
  EXTRA : Hitori! Hitori! Hitori!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm the girl who sold out the Budokan...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : What?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Oh, nothing!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Please, don't let her think she made a mistake choosing me!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I might've made a mistake choosing her...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : We're here!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : This is the place!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Th-The dark lands?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Good morning!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : My first club...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It's so dark... So stuffy...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I-It's so soothing!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : You okay, Hitori-chan?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm home!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It is not!	  
  EXTRA : Could we ask the PA to record again?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : That's the band that's playing today.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I thought bands would be intimidating,	  
  Nijika Ijichi : They might be a little older than us?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : but they're all indoorsy, shy introverts!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : After they're done, we'll rehearse too.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : They're just like me!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : That there's the PA.	  
  PA-san : Good morning.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Please forgive my arrogance!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : What's wrong now?!	  
  Ryo Yamada : You're finally back.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Ryo!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : This is Hitori Goto. Hitori-chan!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I met her in the park by miraculous happenstance! She's a guitarist!	  
  Ryo Yamada : Oh?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Scary! Is she glaring at me?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : This is Ryo Yamada. She plays bass.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I-I'm Hitori Goto! I'm so very sorry!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hang on!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Y-You're okay!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Ryo's just not the expressive type.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Feel free to call her weird! She likes it!	  
  Ryo Yamada : I don't, actually.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Seemed like she did...	  
  Ryo Yamada : By the way, about the manager...	  
  Ryo Yamada : She told you to practice until it was time,	  
  Ryo Yamada : but instead you snuck out of the club,	  
  Ryo Yamada : so she got so mad she went out shopping.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : N-No way!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Let's be in the studio before she comes back!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : You too, Hitori-chan!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : C'mon!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : R-Right!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Real life is scary.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But I feel like there's some fun stuff coming up!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Here's today's set list and score.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Wh-Where are the other band members?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : This is everyone!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : We'll be doing all instrumentals this time.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Right. I can handle this song.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Though without any vocals, the playing's gotta be all that much better...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But I'm supposedly good at guitar. I can do this.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I think I can do this!	  
  Ryo Yamada : Gorilla?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Maybe they'll be blown away by my playing!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I mean, I get pretty good... pretty decent reactions online.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Let's take it right from the top.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It's your first time, so we'll run through slow,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I even have subscribers!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : then we can speed it up as you get used to it.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Yeah, let's do this!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Okay, let's go!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : You suck!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : H-How can I suck?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Ah, I'm kidding!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm guitarhero!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Well, not totally kidding, but... Ah, I'm sorry!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I've got subscribers!	  
  EXTRA : Allow me to explain!	  
  EXTRA : Guitar Man's Easy-to-Learn Hitori Classes	  
  EXTRA : In a band, it's super important to be in sync with your fellow live performers!	  
  EXTRA : But Hitori has social anxiety and can't make eye contact,	  
  EXTRA : and she'll be inclined to rush ahead of the others!	  
  EXTRA : She might be an awesome solo player,	  
  EXTRA : but when in a band, she's sub-water-flea level, the worst there is!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : She sounds like an unfunny comedian!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : And thus, Hitori Goto turned to dust,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and never picked up a guitar again.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Come out, please!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : The show's about to start!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I c-c-can't do it!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It's not your fault! We just came together today!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It's not like I'm very good either.	  
  Ryo Yamada : I'm very good.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Just look at me, okay!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Stay here in reality!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It isn't like I could do the intro or anything...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I-I could offer up my life to put on a harakiri show!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Th-They'll at least remember the name of the band, right?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Sorry I sucked!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : That's a little too rock!	  
  Ryo Yamada : It's okay.	  
  Ryo Yamada : If they boo you, I'll give them a bonk with my bass.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Does a bass make such a fancy noise?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I mean, bloodshed is pretty rock.	  
  Ryo Yamada : It's rock.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : You can't justify everything with ＂rock＂!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Besides, it'll probably just be my friends who come to watch us play!	  
  Ryo Yamada : And Nijika is my only friend, so...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Normal high school girls don't know good music from bad.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : That kind of take could get you in trouble on the internet.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Okay? So just chill!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I d-dunno...	  
  Ryo Yamada : I know good music from bad.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Well, you're not normal.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hey, that wasn't a compliment.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Sorry.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : But...	  
  Ryo Yamada : We can't force her.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : You're right.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Sorry to push you so hard.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : No, actually...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I r-really was happy you reached out to me.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I've wanted to be in a band for so long...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : B-But I couldn't get the people together...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : So I just upload covers to the internet instead.	  
  Ryo Yamada : What do you usually play?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : M-Mostly songs by popular bands from the last few years,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : so I could play them right away once the band got together...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : That's awesome!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It's not.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It's the reason I'm the way I am now.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Being in a band with other people was a pipe dream after all.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Covering all popular songs?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : She sounds like guitarhero-san!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Have you heard of her?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : She's probably about our age, I think...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : guitarhero...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : M-Me?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I'll send you a link if you haven't!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : She's super awesome! You should hear her!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Awe... some?	  
  Ryo Yamada : She comes up in my recommendations a lot, so I've seen her too.	  
  Ryo Yamada : She really is excellent.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Right?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Though her naming sense is a bit cringy...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It is?!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I follow her with notifications on!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I'd love to play with her some day!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : You just did, actually...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Look, what I'm getting at here	  
  Nijika Ijichi : is that even awesome, popular people are out there playing guitar,	  
  Nijika Ijichi : lots and lots of them, in places we're not even watching.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : You should watch her later!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I think you'll get what I mean if you watch the videos.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I always figured real-life people didn't care about me at all...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : You can't give up on playing in a band just because it didn't work out today!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It's possible it's our problem, anyway...	  
  Ryo Yamada : Our problem?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hitori-chan?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But someone this nice has been watching me all this time,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and actually spoke to me...	  
  Ryo Yamada : She stood up.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It's the kind of miracle most people never experience!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I can't let it go to waste!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I... I'm...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : D-Do you want to perform after all?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Hitori-chan?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I know all that, rationally...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : But I'm still too scared...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : There's no way I can play in front of an audience...	  
  Ryo Yamada : If you're scared, you could play from in here.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I-It's the same environment that I play in all the time!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Where exactly do you live?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : How you feelin' tonight, Shimo-Kita?!	  
  Ryo Yamada : She's suddenly more outgoing.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : By the way, how do you want us to introduce you?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : ＂Hitori-chan＂? Should we use your real name?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'd... I'd rather not...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Any nicknames, then?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : In middle school, they called me＂Hey＂ and ＂You there＂...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : I don't think those are nicknames!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I never knew anyone well enough to get nicknames from them!	  
  Ryo Yamada : Hitori...	  
  Ryo Yamada : Hitoribocchi  all alone ...	  
  Ryo Yamada : How about Bocchi-chan?	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Another tactless comment!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm B-B-Bocchi!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : She likes it?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : It's just my first ever nickname...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : This is making me teary-eyed.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Oh, you haven't told me your band name yet.	  
  Ryo Yamada : It's Kessoku Band.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Kessoku Band...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Isn't that the word for ＂zip tie＂?	  
  Ryo Yamada : It's brilliant.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : It's the worst pun! We're totally changing it!	  
  Ryo Yamada : Why? It's cute.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Y-Yes.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Band name aside, it's time to play!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Don't worry.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : The key is to have fun, even if you suck!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Your feelings really come out in your playing, see?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : R-Right...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : We can always work on the skill part next time.	  
  Ryo Yamada : Yeah.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Next... time...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Okay, let's go!	  
  Ryo Yamada : Right.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : They're okay with there being a next time!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Nice to meet you! We're Kessoku Band!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : We'll play a bunch of songs you probably know,	  
  Nijika Ijichi : so please enjoy!	  
  Seika Ijichi : Who's that?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I hate that I can't play as well as I usually do, but...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : playing in a band with other people is so much fun!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I've never really shone before today...	  
  Hitori Gotoh : And I still don't!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : This might actually be a low point for me!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Boy, I screwed up!	  
  Ryo Yamada : Your intro bombed, too.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : E-Excuse me!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : B-B-B...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : What?	  
  Hitori Gotoh : B-B-B-B-B...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Okay, you're freaking me out!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : B-Before our next performance, I'm gonna get brave enough to say hello to my classmates!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : What a dramatic declaration.	  
  Ryo Yamada : Such growth...	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Okay, I get it.	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Sure!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : Then let's have a Bocchi-chan-welcome-party-slash-concert-post-mortem!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Actually, I'm pretty exhausted from all this social interaction, so I'm gonna go.	  
  Ryo Yamada : Sorry. I'm sleepy.	  
  Hitori Gotoh : P-Pardon me!	  
  Nijika Ijichi : There's no ＂ties＂ in this band at all!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : I'm gonna get over my social anxiety	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and bring out my full guitarhero powers!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : For Nijika-chan,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Ryo-san,	  
  Hitori Gotoh : and Kessoku Band!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : S-Sorry! Sorry!	  
  Hitori Gotoh : Watch it!	  